Add support for AWS DocumentDB Instance-based Clusters (#17779)
DataDog/integrations-core: mongo/README.md

You can also create your own metrics using custom `find`, `count` and `aggregate` queries.

> **Note**: MongoDB v3.0+ is required for this integration. Integration of MongoDB Atlas with Datadog is only available on M10+ clusters. This integration also supports Alibaba AsparaDB and AWS DocumentDB Instance-Based clusters. DocumentDB Elastic clusters are not supported because they only expose the cluster (mongos) endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: MongoDB v3.0+ is required for this integration. Integration of MongoDB Atlas with Datadog is only available on M10+ clusters. This integration also supports Alibaba ApsaraDB and AWS DocumentDB Instance-Based clusters. DocumentDB Elastic clusters are not supported because they only expose the cluster (Mongo) endpoints.
```
I think this was the intended meaning, I don't know of a separate entity called `mongos`, but please reject that suggestion if you know it's correct as written.
